README.md, before:

<picture>
  <img alt="divider" src="./cydosworkshop.jpg" />
</picture>

# 💫 About Me

- 🖥️ I'm currently working on SideQwest
- 👯 I'm looking to collaborate with other developers
- 🤝 I'm looking to help others build their dream software
- 🌱 I'm currently learning C# and the .NET ecosystem
- 🗨️ Ask me about SideQwest and my other projects

<div align="center">
  <p>Find Me On:</p>
  <a href="https://linkedin.com/in/cody-stine-dev/">
    <img src="https://img.shields.io/badge/LinkedIn-%230077B5.svg?logo=linkedin&logoColor=white" alt="LinkedIn"/>
  </a>
</div>

<picture>
  <source media="(prefers-color-scheme: dark)" srcset="https://raw.githubusercontent.com/cydoentis/cydoentis/output/github-snake-dark.svg" />
  <source media="(prefers-color-scheme: light)" srcset="https://raw.githubusercontent.com/cydoentis/cydoentis/output/github-snake.svg" />
  <img alt="github-snake" src="https://raw.githubusercontent.com/cydoentis/cydoentis/output/github-snake.svg" />
</picture>

---

# 🧰 Tools

![C#](https://img.shields.io/badge/c%23-%23239120.svg?style=for-the-badge&logo=csharp&logoColor=white)
![PHP](https://img.shields.io/badge/php-%23777BB4.svg?style=for-the-badge&logo=php&logoColor=white)
![HTML5](https://img.shields.io/badge/html5-%23E34F26.svg?style=for-the-badge&logo=html5&logoColor=white)
![JavaScript](https://img.shields.io/badge/javascript-%23323330.svg?style=for-the-badge&logo=javascript&logoColor=%23F7DF1E)
![CSS3](https://img.shields.io/badge/css3-%231572B6.svg?style=for-the-badge&logo=css3&logoColor=white)
![TypeScript](https://img.shields.io/badge/typescript-%23007ACC.svg?style=for-the-badge&logo=typescript&logoColor=white)
![.NET](https://img.shields.io/badge/.NET-5C2D91?style=for-the-badge&logo=.net&logoColor=white)
![React](https://img.shields.io/badge/react-%2320232a.svg?style=for-the-badge&logo=react&logoColor=%2361DAFB)
![Express.js](https://img.shields.io/badge/express.js-%23404d59.svg?style=for-the-badge&logo=express&logoColor=%2361DAFB)
![AWS](https://img.shields.io/badge/AWS-%23FF9900.svg?style=for-the-badge&logo=amazon-aws&logoColor=white)

---

# 🔥 My Top Repos

## [Blue Print](https://blueprint-nine.vercel.app/login)

![Blue Print](./bg.png)
Keep track of all your job applications, know which jobs you applied for and when or if you have an interview for them.

[![Blue Print Front End](https://custom-icon-badges.demolab.com/badge/-Frontend-green?style=for-the-badge&logoColor=white&logo=repo)](https://github.com/CydoEntis/blueprint-client)
[![Blueprint Party Backend](https://custom-icon-badges.demolab.com/badge/-Backend-yellow?style=for-the-badge&logoColor=white&logo=repo)](https://github.com/CydoEntis/blueprint-api)

## [Amiibo Party](https://amiibo-party-frontend.vercel.app/)

![Amiibo Party](./amiibo-list.png)
Tracking all your amiibo's has never been so easy! Track, collect, wishlist all your current and upcoming amiibos. All kept in one place.

[![Amiibo Party Front End](https://custom-icon-badges.demolab.com/badge/-Frontend-green?style=for-the-badge&logoColor=white&logo=repo)](https://github.com/CydoEntis/amiibo-party-frontend)
[![Amiibo Party Backend](https://custom-icon-badges.demolab.com/badge/-Backend-yellow?style=for-the-badge&logoColor=white&logo=repo)](https://github.com/CydoEntis/amiibo-party-backend)

---
<div style="display: flex; gap: 10px;">
    <img src="https://github-readme-streak-stats.herokuapp.com/?user=CydoEntis&theme=monokai&hide_border=false" alt="GitHub Streak Stats" style="height: 200px;"/>
      <img src="https://github-readme-stats.vercel.app/api/top-langs/?username=CydoEntis&theme=monokai&hide_border=false&include_all_commits=false&count_private=false&layout=compact" alt="GitHub Top Languages" style="height: 200px;"/>
</div>
---

Commit message:

Updated repo with new projects and project art

README.md, after:

<picture>
  <img alt="divider" src="./cydosworkshop.jpg" />
</picture>

# 💫 About Me

- 🖥️ I'm currently working on SideQwest
- 👯 I'm looking to collaborate with other developers
- 🤝 I'm looking to help others build their dream software
- 🌱 I'm currently learning C# and the .NET ecosystem
- 🗨️ Ask me about SideQwest and my other projects

<div align="center">
  <p>Find Me On:</p>
  <a href="https://linkedin.com/in/cody-stine-dev/">
    <img src="https://img.shields.io/badge/LinkedIn-%230077B5.svg?logo=linkedin&logoColor=white" alt="LinkedIn"/>
  </a>
</div>

<picture>
  <source media="(prefers-color-scheme: dark)" srcset="https://raw.githubusercontent.com/cydoentis/cydoentis/output/github-snake-dark.svg" />
  <source media="(prefers-color-scheme: light)" srcset="https://raw.githubusercontent.com/cydoentis/cydoentis/output/github-snake.svg" />
  <img alt="github-snake" src="https://raw.githubusercontent.com/cydoentis/cydoentis/output/github-snake.svg" />
</picture>

---

# 🧰 Tools

![C#](https://img.shields.io/badge/c%23-%23239120.svg?style=for-the-badge&logo=csharp&logoColor=white)
![PHP](https://img.shields.io/badge/php-%23777BB4.svg?style=for-the-badge&logo=php&logoColor=white)
![HTML5](https://img.shields.io/badge/html5-%23E34F26.svg?style=for-the-badge&logo=html5&logoColor=white)
![JavaScript](https://img.shields.io/badge/javascript-%23323330.svg?style=for-the-badge&logo=javascript&logoColor=%23F7DF1E)
![CSS3](https://img.shields.io/badge/css3-%231572B6.svg?style=for-the-badge&logo=css3&logoColor=white)
![TypeScript](https://img.shields.io/badge/typescript-%23007ACC.svg?style=for-the-badge&logo=typescript&logoColor=white)
![.NET](https://img.shields.io/badge/.NET-5C2D91?style=for-the-badge&logo=.net&logoColor=white)
![React](https://img.shields.io/badge/react-%2320232a.svg?style=for-the-badge&logo=react&logoColor=%2361DAFB)
![Express.js](https://img.shields.io/badge/express.js-%23404d59.svg?style=for-the-badge&logo=express&logoColor=%2361DAFB)
![AWS](https://img.shields.io/badge/AWS-%23FF9900.svg?style=for-the-badge&logo=amazon-aws&logoColor=white)

---

# 🔥 My Top Repos

## [Blue Print](https://blueprint-nine.vercel.app/login)

![Blue Print](./party-up.jpg)
Party up with friends and tackle quests, manage your projects in a fun and gamified way that takes the boring out of project management.

<!-- [![Blue Print Front End](https://custom-icon-badges.demolab.com/badge/-Frontend-green?style=for-the-badge&logoColor=white&logo=repo)](https://github.com/CydoEntis/blueprint-client)
[![Blueprint Party Backend](https://custom-icon-badges.demolab.com/badge/-Backend-yellow?style=for-the-badge&logoColor=white&logo=repo)](https://github.com/CydoEntis/blueprint-api) -->

## [Amiibo Party](https://amiibo-party-frontend.vercel.app/)

![Type Casters](./typecasters.jpg)
Get good at typing with a multiplayer spin, cast spells with your keyboard and defeat opponents to hone your typing skills.

<!-- [![Amiibo Party Front End](https://custom-icon-badges.demolab.com/badge/-Frontend-green?style=for-the-badge&logoColor=white&logo=repo)](https://github.com/CydoEntis/amiibo-party-frontend)
[![Amiibo Party Backend](https://custom-icon-badges.demolab.com/badge/-Backend-yellow?style=for-the-badge&logoColor=white&logo=repo)](https://github.com/CydoEntis/amiibo-party-backend) -->

---
<div style="display: flex; gap: 10px;">
    <img src="https://github-readme-streak-stats.herokuapp.com/?user=CydoEntis&theme=monokai&hide_border=false" alt="GitHub Streak Stats" style="height: 200px;"/>
      <img src="https://github-readme-stats.vercel.app/api/top-langs/?username=CydoEntis&theme=monokai&hide_border=false&include_all_commits=false&count_private=false&layout=compact" alt="GitHub Top Languages" style="height: 200px;"/>
</div>
